# InPersonSigner

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accessCode** | **String** | If a value is provided, the recipient must enter the value as the access code to view and sign the envelope.   Maximum Length: 50 characters and it must conform to the account&#39;s access code format setting.  If blank, but the signer &#x60;accessCode&#x60; property is set in the envelope, then that value is used.  If blank and the signer &#x60;accessCode&#x60; property is not set, then the access code is not required. | [optional] 
**accessCodeMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**addAccessCodeToEmail** | **String** | Optional. When set to **true**, the access code will be added to the email sent to the recipient. This nullifies the security measure of &#x60;accessCode&#x60; on the recipient. | [optional] 
**allowSystemOverrideForLockedRecipient** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**autoNavigation** | **String** | When set to **true**, autonavigation is set for the recipient.  | [optional] 
**canSignOffline** | **String** | When set to **true**, specifies that the signer can perform the signing ceremony offline. | [optional] 
**clientUserId** | **String** | Specifies whether the recipient is embedded or remote.   If the &#x60;clientUserId&#x60; property is not null then the recipient is embedded. Use this field to associate the signer with their userId in your app. Authenticating the user is the responsibility of your app when you use embedded signing.  Note: if the &#x60;clientUserId&#x60; property is set and either &#x60;SignerMustHaveAccount&#x60; or &#x60;SignerMustLoginToSign&#x60; property of the account settings is set to  **true**, an error is generated on sending.   Maximum length: 100 characters.  | [optional] 
**completedCount** | **String** | Indicates the number of times that the recipient has been through a signing completion.   If this number is greater than &#x60;0&#x60; for a signing group, only the user who previously completed may sign again. | [optional] 
**creationReason** | **String** | The reason why the recipient was created (for example, &#x60;sender&#x60;). Read only. | [optional] 
**customFields** | **[String]** | An optional array of strings that enables the sender to provide custom data about the recipient. This information is returned in the envelope status but otherwise not used by DocuSign. Each &#x60;customField&#x60; string can be a maximum of 100 characters. | [optional] 
**declinedDateTime** | **String** | The date and time the recipient declined the document. Read only. | [optional] 
**declinedReason** | **String** | The reason the recipient declined the document. Read only. | [optional] 
**defaultRecipient** | **String** | When set to **true**, this is the default recipient for the envelope. This option is used when creating an envelope from a template.  | [optional] 
**deliveredDateTime** | **String** | The date and time that the envelope was delivered to the recipient. Read only. | [optional] 
**deliveryMethod** | **String** | Reserved for DocuSign. | [optional] 
**deliveryMethodMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**designatorId** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**designatorIdGuid** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**documentVisibility** | [[**DocumentVisibility**](DocumentVisibility.md)] | A list of &#x60;documentVisibility&#x60; objects. Each object in the list specifies whether a document in the envelope is visible to this recipient. For the envelope to use this functionality, Document Visibility must be enabled for the account and the &#x60;enforceSignerVisibility&#x60; property must be set to **true**. | [optional] 
**email** | **String** | The signer&#39;s email address in an eNotary flow.  Use only when &#x60;inPersonSigningType&#x60; is &#x60;notary&#x60;. For regular in-person-signer flow, use &#x60;signerEmail&#x60; instead.  | [optional] 
**emailMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**emailNotification** | [**RecipientEmailNotification**](RecipientEmailNotification.md) |  | [optional] 
**embeddedRecipientStartURL** | **String** | Specifies a sender-provided valid URL string for redirecting an embedded recipient. When using this option, the embedded recipient still receives an email from DocuSign, just as a remote recipient would. When the document link in the email is clicked the recipient is redirected, through DocuSign, to the supplied URL to complete their actions. When routing to the URL, the sender&#39;s system (the server responding to the URL) must request a recipient token to launch a signing session.   If set to &#x60;SIGN_AT_DOCUSIGN&#x60;, the recipient is directed to an embedded signing or viewing process directly at DocuSign. The signing or viewing action is initiated by the DocuSign system and the transaction activity and Certificate of Completion records will reflect this. In all other ways the process is identical to an embedded signing or viewing operation launched by a partner.  It is important to understand that in a typical embedded workflow, the authentication of an embedded recipient is the responsibility of the sending application. DocuSign expects that senders will follow their own processes for establishing the recipient&#39;s identity. In this workflow the recipient goes through the sending application before the embedded signing or viewing process is initiated. However, when the sending application sets &#x60;EmbeddedRecipientStartURL&#x3D;SIGN_AT_DOCUSIGN&#x60;, the recipient goes directly to the embedded signing or viewing process, bypassing the sending application and any authentication steps the sending application would use. In this case, DocuSign recommends that you use one of the normal DocuSign authentication features (Access Code, Phone Authentication, SMS Authentication, etc.) to verify the identity of the recipient.  If the &#x60;clientUserId&#x60; property is NOT set, and the &#x60;embeddedRecipientStartURL&#x60; is set, DocuSign will ignore the redirect URL and launch the standard signing process for the email recipient. Information can be appended to the embedded recipient start URL using merge fields. The available merge fields items are: &#x60;envelopeId&#x60;, &#x60;recipientId&#x60;, &#x60;recipientName&#x60;, &#x60;recipientEmail&#x60;, and &#x60;customFields&#x60;. The &#x60;customFields&#x60; property must be set for the recipient or envelope. The merge fields are enclosed in double brackets.   *Example*:   &#x60;http://senderHost/[[mergeField1]]/ beginSigningSession? [[mergeField2]]&amp;[[mergeField3]]&#x60;  | [optional] 
**errorDetails** | [**ErrorDetails**](ErrorDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**excludedDocuments** | **[String]** | Specifies the documents that are not visible to this recipient. Document Visibility must be enabled for the account and the &#x60;enforceSignerVisibility&#x60; property must be set to **true** for the envelope to use this.  When enforce signer visibility is enabled, documents with tabs can only be viewed by signers that have a tab on that document. Recipients that have an administrative role (Agent, Editor, or Intermediaries) or informational role (Certified Deliveries or Carbon Copies) can always see all the documents in an envelope, unless they are specifically excluded using this setting when an envelope is sent. Documents that do not have tabs are always visible to all recipients, unless they are specifically excluded using this setting when an envelope is sent. | [optional] 
**faxNumber** | **String** | Reserved for DocuSign. | [optional] 
**faxNumberMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**hostEmail** | **String** | The email address of the signing host. This is the DocuSign user that is hosting the in-person signing session.  Required when &#x60;inPersonSigningType&#x60; is &#x60;inPersonSigner&#x60;. For eNotary flow, use &#x60;email&#x60; instead.  Maximum Length: 100 characters.  | [optional] 
**hostEmailMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**hostName** | **String** | The name of the signing host. This is the DocuSign user that is hosting the in-person signing session.  Required when &#x60;inPersonSigningType&#x60; is &#x60;inPersonSigner&#x60;. For eNotary flow, use &#x60;name&#x60; instead.  Maximum Length: 100 characters.  | [optional] 
**hostNameMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**idCheckConfigurationName** | **String** | The name of the authentication check to use. This value must match one of the authentication types that the account uses. The names of these authentication types appear in the web console sending interface in the Identify list for a recipient. This setting overrides any default authentication setting. Valid values are:  - &#x60;Phone Auth $&#x60;: The recipient must authenticate by using two-factor authentication (2FA). You provide the phone number to use for 2FA in the &#x60;phoneAuthentication&#x60; object. - &#x60;SMS Auth $&#x60;: The recipient must authenticate via SMS. You provide the phone number to use in the &#x60;smsAuthentication&#x60; object. - &#x60;ID Check $&#x60;: The  recipient must answer detailed security questions.   **Example**: Your account has ID Check and SMS Authentication available. In the web console Identify list, these appear as ID Check $ and SMS Auth $. To use ID Check in an envelope, the idCheckConfigurationName should be ID Check $. For SMS, you would use SMS Auth $, and you would also need to add a phone number to the smsAuthentication node. | [optional] 
**idCheckConfigurationNameMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**idCheckInformationInput** | [**IdCheckInformationInput**](IdCheckInformationInput.md) |  | [optional] 
**identityVerification** | [**RecipientIdentityVerification**](RecipientIdentityVerification.md) |  | [optional] 
**inheritEmailNotificationConfiguration** | **String** | When set to **true** and the envelope recipient creates a DocuSign account after signing, the Manage Account Email Notification settings are used as the default settings for the recipient&#39;s account.  | [optional] 
**inPersonSigningType** | **String** | Specifies whether the envelope uses the eNotary feature. Valid values:  * &#x60;inPersonSigner&#x60;: The envelope uses the normal in-person signing flow. * &#x60;notary&#x60;: The envelope uses the eNotary in-person signing flow.  | [optional] 
**inPersonSigningTypeMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**lockedRecipientPhoneAuthEditable** | **String** | Reserved for DocuSign. | [optional] 
**lockedRecipientSmsEditable** | **String** | Reserved for DocuSign. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | The signer&#39;s full legal name in an eNotary flow.  Required when &#x60;inPersonSigningType&#x60; is &#x60;notary&#x60;. For a regular in-person-signer flow, use &#x60;signerName&#x60; instead.  Maximum Length: 100 characters.  | [optional] 
**nameMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**notaryHost** | [**NotaryHost**](NotaryHost.md) |  | [optional] 
**notaryId** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**note** | **String** | A note sent to the in-person signer in the signing email. This note is visible only to this recipient.  Maximum Length: 1000 characters.  | [optional] 
**noteMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**phoneAuthentication** | [**RecipientPhoneAuthentication**](RecipientPhoneAuthentication.md) |  | [optional] 
**recipientAttachments** | [[**RecipientAttachment**](RecipientAttachment.md)] | Reserved for DocuSign. | [optional] 
**recipientAuthenticationStatus** | [**AuthenticationStatus**](AuthenticationStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**recipientFeatureMetadata** | [[**FeatureAvailableMetadata**](FeatureAvailableMetadata.md)] | Metadata about the features that are supported for the recipient type. Read only. | [optional] 
**recipientId** | **String** | Unique for the recipient. It is used by the tab element to indicate which recipient is to sign the document. | [optional] 
**recipientIdGuid** | **String** | The globally-unique identifier (GUID) for a specific recipient on a specific envelope. If the same recipient is associated with multiple envelopes, they will have a different GUID for each one. Read only. | [optional] 
**recipientSignatureProviders** | [[**RecipientSignatureProvider**](RecipientSignatureProvider.md)] | The default signature provider is the DocuSign Electronic signature system. This parameter is used to specify one or more Standards Based Signature (digital signature) providers for the signer to use. [More information.](https://developers.docusign.com/esign-rest-api/guides/standards-based-signatures) | [optional] 
**recipientSuppliesTabs** | **String** | When set to **true**, specifies that the recipient creates the tabs. | [optional] 
**recipientType** | **String** | The recipient type, as specified by the following values: - &#x60;agent&#x60;: Agent recipients can add name and email information for recipients that appear after the agent in routing order. - &#x60;carbonCopy&#x60;: Carbon copy recipients get a copy of the envelope but don&#39;t need to sign, initial, date, or add information to any of the documents. This type of recipient can be used in any routing order. - &#x60;certifiedDelivery&#x60;: Certified delivery recipients must receive the completed documents for the envelope to be completed. They don&#39;t need to sign, initial, date, or add information to any of the documents. - &#x60;editor&#x60;: Editors have the same management and access rights for the envelope as the sender. Editors can add name and email information, add or change the routing order, set authentication options, and can edit signature/initial tabs and data fields for the remaining recipients. - &#x60;inPersonSigner&#x60;: In-person recipients are DocuSign users who act as signing hosts in the same physical location as the signer. - &#x60;intermediaries&#x60;: Intermediary recipients can optionally add name and email information for recipients at the same or subsequent level in the routing order. - &#x60;seal&#x60;: Electronic seal recipients represent legal entities. - &#x60;signer&#x60;: Signers are recipients who must sign, initial, date, or add data to form fields on the documents in the envelope. - &#x60;witness&#x60;: Witnesses are recipients whose signatures affirm that the identified signers have signed the documents in the envelope. | [optional] 
**recipientTypeMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**requireIdLookup** | **String** | When set to **true**, the recipient is required to use the specified ID check method (including Phone and SMS authentication) to validate their identity.  | [optional] 
**requireIdLookupMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**requireSignerCertificate** | **String** | By default, DocuSign signers create electronic signatures. This field can be used to require the signer to use a SAFE-BioPharma digital certificate for signing.  This parameter should only be used to select a SAFE-BioPharma certificate. New integrations should use the &#x60;recipientSignatureProviders&#x60; parameter for other types of digital certificates.   Set this parameter to &#x60;safe&#x60; to use a SAFE-BioPharma certificate.  The signer must be enrolled in the SAFE program to sign with a SAFE certificate. | [optional] 
**requireSignOnPaper** | **String** | When set to **true**, the signer must print, sign, and upload or fax the signed documents to DocuSign. | [optional] 
**requireUploadSignature** | **String** | When set to **true**, the signer is required to upload a new signature, even if they have a pre-adopted signature in their personal DocuSign account. | [optional] 
**roleName** | **String** | Optional element. Specifies the role name associated with the recipient.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;This property is required when you are working with template recipients. | [optional] 
**routingOrder** | **String** | Specifies the routing order of the recipient in the envelope.  | [optional] 
**routingOrderMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**sentDateTime** | **String** | The UTC DateTime when the envelope was sent. Read only. | [optional] 
**signatureInfo** | [**RecipientSignatureInformation**](RecipientSignatureInformation.md) |  | [optional] 
**signedDateTime** | **String** | Reserved for DocuSign. | [optional] 
**signerEmail** | **String** | The in-person signer&#39;s email address.  Required when &#x60;inPersonSigningType&#x60; is &#x60;inPersonSigner&#x60;. For eNotary flow, use &#x60;email&#x60; instead.  Maximum Length: 100 characters.   | [optional] 
**signerEmailMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**signerFirstName** | **String** | The signer&#39;s first name. | [optional] 
**signerFirstNameMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**signerLastName** | **String** | The signer&#39;s last name. | [optional] 
**signerLastNameMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**signerName** | **String** | The in-person signer&#39;s full legal name.  Required when &#x60;inPersonSigningType&#x60; is &#x60;inPersonSigner&#x60;. For eNotary flow, use &#x60;name&#x60; instead.  Maximum Length: 100 characters.  | [optional] 
**signerNameMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**signInEachLocation** | **String** | When set to **true** and the feature is enabled in the sender&#39;s account, the signing recipient is required to draw signatures and initials at each signature/initial tab (instead of adopting a signature/initial style or only drawing a signature/initial once). | [optional] 
**signInEachLocationMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**signingGroupId** | **String** | Not applicable. You cannot use a signing group for an in-person signer. | [optional] 
**signingGroupIdMetadata** | [**PropertyMetadata**](PropertyMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**signingGroupName** | **String** | Not applicable. | [optional] 
**signingGroupUsers** | [[**UserInfo**](UserInfo.md)] | Not applicable. | [optional] 
**smsAuthentication** | [**RecipientSMSAuthentication**](RecipientSMSAuthentication.md) |  | [optional] 
**socialAuthentications** | [[**SocialAuthentication**](SocialAuthentication.md)] | Deprecated. | [optional] 
**status** | **String** | The recipient&#39;s status. Read only.   Possible values:  - &#x60;autoresponded&#x60;: The recipient&#39;s email system auto-responded to the email from DocuSign. This status is used in the web console to inform senders about the bounced-back email. This recipient status is only used if **Send-on-behalf-of** is turned off for the account. - &#x60;completed&#x60;: The recipient has completed their actions (signing or other required actions if not a signer) for an envelope. - &#x60;created&#x60;: The recipient is in a draft state. This value is only associated with draft envelopes (envelopes that have a status of &#x60;created&#x60;). - &#x60;declined&#x60;: The recipient declined to sign the document(s) in the envelope. - &#x60;delivered&#x60;: The recipient has viewed the document(s) in an envelope through the DocuSign signing website. This is not an email delivery of the documents in an envelope. - &#x60;faxPending&#x60;: The recipient has finished signing and the system is waiting for a fax attachment from the recipient before completing their signing step. - &#x60;sent&#x60;: The recipient has been sent an email notification that it is their turn to sign an envelope. - &#x60;signed&#x60;: The recipient has completed (signed) all required tags in an envelope. This is a temporary state during processing, after which the recipient&#39;s status automatically switches to &#x60;completed&#x60;. | [optional] 
**statusCode** | **String** | The code associated with the recipient&#39;s status. Read only. | [optional] 
**suppressEmails** | **String** | When set to **true**, email notifications are suppressed for the recipient, and they must access envelopes and documents from their DocuSign inbox. | [optional] 
**tabs** | [**EnvelopeRecipientTabs**](EnvelopeRecipientTabs.md) |  | [optional] 
**templateLocked** | **String** | When set to **true**, the sender cannot change any attributes of the recipient. Used only when working with template recipients.  | [optional] 
**templateRequired** | **String** | When set to **true**, the sender may not remove the recipient. Used only when working with template recipients. | [optional] 
**totalTabCount** | **String** | The total number of tabs in the documents. Read only. | [optional] 
**userId** | **String** | The ID of the user to access. Generally this is the ID of the current authenticated user, but if the authenticated user is an Administrator on the account, &#x60;userId&#x60; can represent another user whom the Administrator is accessing.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


