# Jurisdiction

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**allowSystemCreatedSeal** | **String** | If **true**, the seal can be generated by the platform. | [optional] 
**allowUserUploadedSeal** | **String** | If **true**, the seal can be uploaded by the user. | [optional] 
**commissionIdInSeal** | **String** | If **true**, the notary&#39;s &#x60;comissionId&#x60; appears in the seal. | [optional] 
**county** | **String** | The county of the jurisdiction. | [optional] 
**countyInSeal** | **String** | If **true**, the county name appears in the seal. | [optional] 
**enabled** | **String** | If **true**, this jurisdiction is enabled. | [optional] 
**jurisdictionId** | **String** | The ID of the jurisdiction. The following jurisdictions are supported:  -  &#x60;5 - California&#x60; -  &#x60;6 - Colorado&#x60; -  &#x60;9 - Florida&#x60; -  &#x60;10 - Georgia&#x60; -  &#x60;12 - Idaho&#x60; -  &#x60;13 - Illinois&#x60; -  &#x60;14 - Indiana&#x60; -  &#x60;15 - Iowa&#x60; -  &#x60;17 - Kentucky&#x60; -  &#x60;23 - Minnesota&#x60; -  &#x60;25 - Missouri&#x60; -  &#x60;30 - New Jersey&#x60; -  &#x60;32 - New York&#x60; -  &#x60;33 - North Carolina&#x60; -  &#x60;35 - Ohio&#x60; -  &#x60;37 - Oregon&#x60; -  &#x60;38 - Pennsylvania&#x60; -  &#x60;40 - South Carolina&#x60; -  &#x60;43 - Texas&#x60; -  &#x60;44 - Utah&#x60; -  &#x60;47 - Washington&#x60; -  &#x60;48 - West Virginia&#x60; -  &#x60;49 - Wisconsin&#x60; -  &#x60;62 - Florida Commissioner of Deeds&#x60;  | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | The name of the jurisdiction. Typically the state name. | [optional] 
**notaryPublicInSeal** | **String** | If **true**, the name of the notary appears in the seal. | [optional] 
**stateNameInSeal** | **String** | If **true**, the name of the state appears in the seal. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


